docs: Update after removing reset cache btn (#1568)
tinacms/tina.io: content/docs/tina-cloud/dashboard/projects.md

a few minutes, the new branch will be available in your GitHub repository with any changes in Tina Cloud. A pull request
can then be created to merge the changes to your desired branch.

> ##### Branch "Resync"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Branch "Reindex"
```

> Clicking "Resync" on a branch will completely reset the cached copy of your GitHub repository and initiate a reindexing process. Any changes only present in the cached copy will be lost. Before resetting the cache, you should ensure that any changes have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking "Reindex" on a branch will completely reset the cached copy of that branch in your GitHub repository and initiate a reindexing process. Any changes only present in the cached copy will be lost. Before reindexing, you should ensure that any changes have
```
